# Mine Cells 1.7.0

## **IMPORTANT**

- Make sure to reset the dimensions of Mine Cells! Follow the guide [here](https://mim1q.dev/minecells/updating/)
- This version has been tested by myself but there may be unknown game-breaking bugs!  
  Proceed with caution and please report any bugs and crashes you see either on Github or through my Discord.

## Promenade of the Condemned

- The Promenade dimension has been overhauled! It has a new layout that is less frustrating to navigate.
- The primary stone of the Promenade is now the Bloomrock, with its respective Bricks, Tiles and Cracked Bricks
  variants.
- Added orange and green (uncommon) trees
- Added two massive cliffs to the North and South of spawn
- There is now a clear path to the Vine Rune

## Mobs

- Mine Cells mobs can now be spawned as "Elites" using NBT data
- Elites have an additional aura ability and are scaled up slightly
- Added Elite Obelisks which can be right-clicked to summon an Elite mob
- The Elite in the Promenade, after being summoned by clicking the Elite Obelisk, will drop a Vine Rune.

## Blocks

- New Bloomrock block sets (and Bloomrock Wilted Grass Block)
- New Arrow Sign, to point your way towards important locations (with the possibility to add an item to the sign).
- Added new Unbreakable Chains.
- Some Elevators spawned in structures are now unable to be broken with an axe.
- Green and orange putrid saplings

## Tweaks and QoL

- Updated most block textures in the mod!
- Doorways now have a cool parallax-ish effect on them
- Fixed some block entities' animations looking "jagged" on older worlds
- Added indicators for some not-so-obvious actions (Vine Runes, Obelisks, and more in the future)
- Tweaked some mob damage, ranges and timings

## Techincal - Spawner Runes

- Bosses are now spawned using Spawner Rune definitions (`minecells:boss/concierge` and `minecells:boss/conjunctivius`).
- Spawner Runes entries can now have custom NBT data to spawn mobs with specific properties.

## Bugfixes

- Potential fix for the weird desync bug when you come back from Mine Cells dimensions (to be checked!)
- Fixed some unbreakable Doorways being... not unbreakable.
